add_Cterm_peptide = 0.000000                  # c-term peptide fixed modifications
add_Cterm_protein = 0.000000                  # c-term protein fixed modifications
add_Nterm_peptide = 0.000000                  # n-term peptide fixed modifications
add_Nterm_protein = 0.000000                  # n-term protein fixed modifications
add_A_alanine = 0.000000                      # alanine fixed modifications
add_C_cysteine =  57.021464                    # cysteine fixed modifications
add_D_aspartic_acid = 0.000000                # aspartic acid fixed modifications
add_E_glutamic_acid = 0.000000                # glutamic acid fixed modifications
add_F_phenylalanine = 0.000000                # phenylalanine fixed modifications
add_G_glycine = 0.000000                      # glycine fixed modifications
add_H_histidine = 0.000000                    # histidine fixed modifications
add_I_isoleucine = 0.000000                   # isoleucine fixed modifications
add_K_lysine = 0.000000                     # lysine fixed modifications
add_L_leucine = 0.000000                      # leucine fixed modifications
add_M_methionine = 0.000000                   # methionine fixed modifications
add_N_asparagine = 0.000000                   # asparagine fixed modifications
add_P_proline = 0.000000                      # proline fixed modifications
add_Q_glutamine = 0.000000                    # glutamine fixed modifications
add_R_arginine = 0.000000                     # arginine fixed modifications
add_S_serine = 0.000000                       # serine fixed modifications
add_T_threonine = 0.000000                    # threonine fixed modifications
add_V_valine = 0.000000                       # valine fixed modifications
add_W_tryptophan = 0.000000                   # tryptophan fixed modifications
add_Y_tyrosine = 0.000000                     # tyrosine fixed modifications
